# SAD-Honors-Contract
Welcome, Jeff. 

Thank you again for giving me the opportunity to complete an honor's contract this semester. Attached to this Github repository is the requested MVC email checker application. Be sure to download all files so the program will work properly. 

To run the program, open the files in an IDE such as visual studio. Select "reactapp" and press F5 on your keyboard. Wait a few seconds for the website to load. Once it's done, you may test the website by entering input in the text field. The program will return a series of valid emails detected in the input box. 

How the program Works:
The program has four states for execution: UsernameFound, UpperDomainFound, EmailFound, and NoEmailFound. The program will start at the NoEmailFound state. It will start execution by looping through an input string letter by letter until it finds an "@" symbol. It then ensures a valid username is present before the @ symbol. A username is valid if every char between the beginning of the line, space or tab and the @ is alphanumeric or contains either a dot or a dash. If a valid username is found, the state of the machine is set to "UsernameFound." Otherwise, it continues until it finds the next @ symbol. Upon entering the "Usernamefound" State, the program will then continue looping through the array until the next "." character is found. Once the "." is found, it will check to see if the characters bewteen it and the previous "@" symbol are alphanumeric only. If so, the program moves on the "UpperDomainFound" state. Otherwise, it is returned to the NoEmailFound state. Finally, it will continue looping until it reaches a space. Upon encountering the space, the program will assume the end of the email has been reached. It will finally check to see if the text between that space and the previous dot is alphanumerical and it's length is between 2 and 10. If that check is true, then the program is set to the EmailFound state. If the check fails, it will return to the NoEmailFound state and continue looping.   
